Page 1 summarises the story; which we could understand and how it is supposed to be a story-driven game, with the story placed first. 

Page 2 gives a project overview, mostly dealing with numbers; amount of characters, levels, monsters, release date and so on. It describes its genre as a "Mix of fantasy role playing and action game" and to be primarily targeted at "mainstream players that like 3D world exploration / action / RPG" - in that sequence. But the next pages actually deal with the gameplay and highlight what is special about it:

> Phoenix is for those users who are fed up with mere 3D-killing and are longing for some deeper form of Entertainment. Phoenix is no typical role playing game. We've eliminated the disturbing, old-fashioned elements of RPG's, such as long player statistics and difficult handling and only kept the fun factors (...). Almost everything will be visualised (...) Due to the game's clear structure, there is no need for a complicated interface. (...) The challenge should not be to master the controls but to compete with the logic puzzles and monster tactics. The puzzles are based on consistent game physics. Every object can be manipulated (...)

Page 3 is completely focused on Phoenix' simplification of the complexity of common roleplaying games and how they want to achieve that by basically two principles: Radical Visualisation of (almost) everything and direct interaction with (almost) everything. 

Page 4 is titled "The world lives" and is completely focused on the aspect of a living game world. To quote the subtitles, it is dealing with how "there is a social structure", how "information is spreading" throughout the world, how "you will see them [NPCs and even Monsters] live their life", how "your foes will make a difference" and "the monsters will give it a second thought" (being about the enemies tactics and how sophisticated the artifical communication was supposed to become) and finally how "the world changes" in course of the story and how they're deliberately choosing a small world with lots of detail over a vast world that is empty or full of empty fillers. In short: It all deals with Phoenix being an elaborated immersive sim.

