# Focus

*Flosha, 28.09.2024*

The focus is an idea for a sort of an internal attribute which unlocks "special" abilities for Warriors and Thieves, as an equivalent for Mana and Psi of the Mage and Psionic.

I invented the *focus* basically due to a sort of "asymmetry" in design between the magic vs. non-magic classes. While Mage and Psionic have an Attribute (Arcane and Psionics) that scales a dynamic Status Attribute that can be filled and deplenished (Mana and Psi), the Warrior and Thief have an Attribute (Weaponry and Thievery) that scales a Status Attribute that is static (can not be filled or deplenished). But since they too have special attacks or abilities (equivalent to the plethora of special abilities in form of spells of the magic classes), the usage of these abilities had also to be limited in some kind of way; "focus" serves as their equivalent to Mana and Psi. 

<!-- TOC_PLACEHOLDER -->

## Warriors

Warriors have a focus which serves primarily as the requirement for special attacks. The focus has to be filled by combat "flow" in form of attacks, parades and/or evasions without being hit and enables the player to initiate special attacks in form of "combos", in the same way as done in traditional fighting games or like Special Tricks in the *Pro Skater* series. But it also can be used to activate short windows of slow motion, representing the increased concentration and awareness of the warrior, to enable him to use the correct moment to initiate the desired attack. 

So in this way the focus would be filled via combat flow, but not depleted by a special attack; like in Pro Skater a successful special attack will keep the focus bar filled. it is only depleted by being hit without succesfully parading, - in which case it is fully depleted immediately - or by interruption of the combat flow, that means: If not having enemy contact for ~2-3 sec it begins to deplete in ~3-5 sec. And finally it is depleted by using slow motion. 

Slow motion doesn't have to be used, but it makes it easier doing combos and getting special attacks. But since slow motion depletes the focus bar, only one special attack can be done this way, after which the bar needs to be filled again by flow. While those players who have mastered the combat system better can land successful combos without using slow motion, thereby keeping the focus bar filled and being able to move much more fluently with one combo after another. This way they can, for instance, keep the bar filled and preserve the slow motion for a final deadly special attack at the end of the fight. By designing the system like this, we solve the issue of slow motion as a potentially annoying mechanic while preserving it as an optional means of dramatic effect and style. We do not annoy the player with undesired and randomly appearing slow motion that may rather destroy than serve his flow nor do we force him to use it for special attacks, but give him the control to do so in accordance with his own desired expression of dramatical intensity. 

Thus this visual effect in combat becomes interactive, a process of "styling" and intensifying a combat encounter at will and at any given moment, since the player can choose to slow a motion down at any given time and for the desired duration until the focus is deplenished. But it will not allow more than ~2-3s at most per charge and will then have to be recharged by clean combat for at least double the time. 


## Thieves

Thieves have a focus which serves primarily to heighten their awareness and concentration in stealth. While the focus of warriors is filled by combat flow, the focus of thieves is filled by danger, pressure, by a raised probability to be caught. The closer the player is to a guard, the more his focus will fill. It will also fill the more alert the guards or monsters of an area are. E.g. if they know that someone is there, going into his direction, actively looking for him, that will fill his bar. The closer a guard comes to the player or the closer the player sneaks up to a guard, the faster the focus will fill, like adrenaline that pushes him to extraordinary efforts. 

Just as the focus of the warrior enables him to perform various special attacks of the different combat disciplines via combos and to use slow motion, the focus of the thief enables him to perform his "dirty daggertricks" in the same way, if he should be forced into a short melee combat encounter. But it also enables him to use his other special abilities. For instance: In that he approaches a guard from behind, the closer he comes, the more the focus bar will fill; when the thief is at a distance in reach of the NPC, he can attempt an assassination. If on the other hand an NPC approaches him and he is close to be caught, this too fills his focus and enables him to "Hide in Shadows", risk a frontal dagger attack or take other such last measures, such as activating his Sixth/Seventh Sense in order to find a safe route and so forth. 


## Mages & Psionics

By solving it as described above, the focus (instead of just restricting the usage like Mana and Psi are for the Mages and Psionics) is given to the Warrior and Thief as a reward for (effective, stylish) gameplay in accordance with his chosen class. Thus I thought of an equivalent of this for the magic classes too. In this way it was at first the magic classes which inspired the invention of a feature for the non-magic classes and the design of this feature in turn then inspired additional features to the magic classes. 
 
The Mage, other than by mana drugs, herbs and slow automatic regeneration depending on regular consumption of potions (basically being physically addicted), can refill his Mana during combat in that he absorbs magic attacks by other mages or psionics through the usage of defensive spells or blocking with a magic staff (which might work or go wrong depending on the magical power of his opponent). This way we reward the Mage for dynamic magical combat and the usage of not only attack spells, but defensive magic too, thereby facilitating flow in magic encounters in a similar way as facilitating flow in melee combat encounters. This possibility is preserved for Mage vs. Mage combat.
But he can also recharge by utilising the element of his circle (e.g. a Firemage can use fire to his advantage, a Watermage can use water to his advantage). But more than that: By being closely linked to and rewarded by the usage of his element, we facilitate using the environment. As an example: The Mage may cast a fireball to lighten up a campfire he sees at the corner of a cave; then uses a Windfist to throw an enemy into it or trying to reach the fire itself in order to let it recharge his energy in the ongoing combat. 

The Psionic can absorb energy via strong emotional responses. On one hand he must deplete his own mental energy in order to overcome the will of characters that mentally *resist* him. But he can *receive* energy from characters who mentally *support* him. That said, a powerful Guru is always surrounded by followers; they may not always be around him, they may not follow him everywhere, but they are fully devoted to their master; otherwise he wouldn't be a Guru. Every Guru has his disciples. Followers who willingly offer their mental power to the master. They don't have to fight, but they are in the background (and his closest followers, one or two, may indeed accompany him physically on his journeys) and focus their own mental energy on the master, thereby serving as living Psi-Energy resources. As a Psionic the player may at first experience this in the role of a novice, in that he is being "used" by his own Guru in different situations. Later in the game he himself becomes a Guru with his own followers, he can experience the other side, having devotees following him and providing him with energy. The reader may be able to imagine how far this can go in consequence... 

In this way, something just originating as a gameplay mechanics turns out to have dozens of consequences for the story too. It also solves some narrative problems. For instance: Just as it is unbelievable that the player character, when joining the Barons and being loyal to them, can still be friends with the four friends, who belong to the Brotherhood of Silence and act against the Barons, so it is unbelievable for the player character to be friends with them if he fully devotes himself to the Sect and becomes a Guru (in difference to Lester, who is part of the sect for mostly opportunistic reasons); in this scenario he will have other "friends" in form of his closest disciples, who will do everything to support him. 
