_includes/nav.md, before:

## Index

* [Readme](/)

1. Vision
	1. Introduction
	2. What is Gothic?
	3. Design Philosophy
2. Mechanics
	1. Classes
	2. [Attributes](/Mechanics/attributes.md)
	3. Skills
	4. Modes of Interaction 
		1. Exploration Mode
			1. Item Handling
			2. Inventory
			3. Object Interaction
		2. Combat Mode
		3. Stealth Mode
		4. Magic Mode
		5. Dialogue Mode
		6. Crafting Mode
		7. Trading Mode
	5. Experience or Arts
	6. Relations
	7. Interface
	8. Events
	9. AI Functions
3. Story
	1. Setting
		1. Mythology
		2. Geography
		3. Culture
		4. MetaPhysics
		5. History
	2. World
		1. Level Structure (Abstract)
		2. World Development (Research)
		3. World Descriptions
			1. Levels
			2. Camps
			3. Guilds
			4. Characters
			5. Climate/Vegetation
			6. Monsters
			7. Items
	3. Plot
		1. Alpha Plot(s)
		2. Sequel Plot
		3. Phoenix Plot 
			1. Act I: Orpheus
				1. Background Story
					1. The Revolt
					2. Founding of the Camps
				2. Plot Abstract
				3. Plot Description
					* Chapter 1: World of Convicts
					* Chapter 2: Waves of Madness
					* Chapter 3: Underground City
					* Chapter 4: War of Mines
					* Chapter 5: Ancient Temple
					* Chapter 6: Bloodnight
				4. Plot Logic
			2. Act II: Nemesis
				1. Background (Act I to Act II)
				2. Plot Abstract
				3. Plot Description
					* Chapter 7: Return to Prison
					* Chapter 8: Ore of Blood
					* Chapter 9: Ruins of the City
					* Chapter 10: Demonic Liberation
				4. Plot Logic
		4. Guild Plots
			* The Way of Power
			* Fate of the Gladiator
			* Life for the Temple
			* A Shadow in the Crowd
			* Red Blood on blue Scarves
			* Path to Awakening
			* Way of the Arcane
	4. Relations
		1. Story Events
		2. Guild Attitudes
		3. Relation System
	5. Missions
		1. Act I Missions
			1. OldCamp
			2. NewCamp
			3. FreeCamp
			4. PsiCamp
			5. OrcCity
		2. Act II Missions
			1. RefugeeCamp
			2. KingsCamp
			3. InquisitionCastle
			4. DemonCamp
			5. KhorinisCity
4. Inspirations
5. [Appendix](/appendix.md)

Commit message:

add behind the scenes and promotion sections

_includes/nav.md, after:




## Concept

* [Cover](/)
* [Readme](/)

1. Vision
	1. Introduction
	2. What is Gothic?
	3. Design Philosophy
2. Mechanics
	1. Classes
	2. [Attributes](/Mechanics/attributes.md)
	3. Skills
	4. Modes of Interaction 
		1. Exploration Mode
			1. Item Handling
			2. Inventory
			3. Object Interaction
		2. Combat Mode
		3. Stealth Mode
		4. Magic Mode
		5. Dialogue Mode
		6. Crafting Mode
		7. Trading Mode
	5. Experience or Arts
	6. Relations
	7. Interface
	8. Events
	9. AI Functions
3. Story
	1. Setting
		1. Mythology
		2. Geography
		3. Culture
		4. MetaPhysics
		5. History
	2. World
		1. Level Structure (Abstract)
		2. World Development (Research)
		3. World Descriptions
			1. Levels
			2. Camps
			3. Guilds
			4. Characters
			5. Climate/Vegetation
			6. Monsters
			7. Items
	3. Plot
		1. Alpha Plot(s)
		2. Sequel Plot
		3. Phoenix Plot 
			1. Act I: Orpheus
				1. Background Story
					1. The Revolt
					2. Founding of the Camps
				2. Plot Abstract
				3. Plot Description
					* Chapter 1: World of Convicts
					* Chapter 2: Waves of Madness
					* Chapter 3: Underground City
					* Chapter 4: War of Mines
					* Chapter 5: Ancient Temple
					* Chapter 6: Bloodnight
				4. Plot Logic
			2. Act II: Nemesis
				1. Background (Act I to Act II)
				2. Plot Abstract
				3. Plot Description
					* Chapter 7: Return to Prison
					* Chapter 8: Ore of Blood
					* Chapter 9: Ruins of the City
					* Chapter 10: Demonic Liberation
				4. Plot Logic
		4. Guild Plots
			* The Way of Power
			* Fate of the Gladiator
			* Life for the Temple
			* A Shadow in the Crowd
			* Red Blood on blue Scarves
			* Path to Awakening
			* Way of the Arcane
	4. Relations
		1. Story Events
		2. Guild Attitudes
		3. Relation System
	5. Missions
		1. Act I Missions
			1. OldCamp
			2. NewCamp
			3. FreeCamp
			4. PsiCamp
			5. OrcCity
		2. Act II Missions
			1. RefugeeCamp
			2. KingsCamp
			3. InquisitionCastle
			4. DemonCamp
			5. KhorinisCity
4. Promotion
5. Behind the Scenes
	1. Devlog
		1. Making of PhoenixTales
		2. The Team behind Phoenix
		3. Creating the ASCII Art
	2. Essays
		1. Phoenix & the Rescue of Design
		2. Behind the Eyes of Elliot
		3. Art and the Demonic Threat 
6. Inspirations
7. [Appendix](/appendix.md)
