
### Free Camp & New Camp

The specifics of the design of the camps themselves are dealt with in the corresponding documents, here we will only talk about their position. 
{: .subtext}

During the Orpheus phase the New Camp was always shown in the southwest. It happened during the involvement of Ralf, during the restart of the project under its new working title "Phoenix" that it switched its place with the Free Camp and was modeled in the northwest. The connection of the New Camp with the peasants on the fields at the foot of the "Old Castle" in the south was prevalent in the Orpheus phase and in Alex Wittmann's story, but was soon developed further into the idea of the rice terraces, which was crucial to give the Camp its design both on Ralfs concepts and in form of the ingame models of the camp. We do not have any concept of the New Camp as Mike imagined it to be and we assume that there was none. The cooperation with Ralf has given the Camp its character (through several iterations), but the rice terraces and the dam and thus the waterfall and the connection with the river were the one thing that all the concepts had in common, based on Mikes own sketch that he made at some point after the Orpheus Map V1. 

At this point it did not really make any difference for the New Camp neither for the setting, nor the story nor stylistically or in any other way, that it was moved further up towards the northwest and basically switched places with the Free Camp. But it did make a difference for the Free Camp at least in so far that the Free Mine was always supposed to have a connecton to the Abandoned Mine. Moving the Free Mine much further into the south (and simultaneously the Abandoned Mine further north and further east) of course did not mean that such a connection could not anymore exist, but if so it had to be different than what was imagined originally. According to the story documents this connection does not seem to have been given up alongside these changes of the layout. And it doesn't have to be. 

Apart from that, we do not know any world model in which the world was modeled according to the former layout, the New Camp was in the northwest and the Free Camp in the southwest in the earliest world models we are aware of. It is this layout that the players knew from all existing demos and screenshots before release. Therefore we do not see a reason to change this. But the positional change of the Free Mine cannot be seen independent from the positional change of the Old Mine. 
