
## Stone Cirlce and Rune Temple

We have to say that we do not know any concept by Ralf of the stone circle in particular as Mike had imagined it. That does not mean that there may not exist one that we do not know of, but it is very unlikely. Because for the first time with Ralfs concepts the idea of the "island of resurrection" appeared. It is described as "Place of Ressurection" (Erweckungsplatz) and as an "Old Rune Temple" ("Der Alte Runentempel"). Ralf was inspired by the island of the dead by Arnold Böcklin. We know from the design documents that the Stone Circle was a place of resurrection. The player himself was supposed to be resurrected here when he dies, as well as other players in the multiplayer. Thus, the most likely explanation is that this rune temple was Ralfs re-imagination of the Stone Circle. But the problem is that we have no idea where it was supposed to be. It was located on a small lake. The concept suggests it being close to a waterfall. It is surrounded by high mountain walls and it looks very hidden. One possible location would be somewhere underground. One possible location would be the "hidden" lake close to the Demontower. There is one thing that may seem confusing in this regard. In the Phoenix Main Mission doc it is mentioned:

> OW: AM-Eingang überschwemmt. Seespiegel sinkt - Insel zugänglich.
> "Surface: Old Mine Entrance flooded. The lake water level decreased - Island accessible. 

But this is not so strange if you keep in mind that this still has to be based on the old world layout with the Old Mine in the south, close to this lake below the demontower. It cannot be based on the later layout; where there is no lake close to the mine. The closest would be the lake of the New Camp, but this is still far away and how would that entrance be flooded, that leads upwards instead of downwards as the original mine in the south? That means: When the old mine collapses in course of the final prayer of the sect, parts of the lake at the surface are flooding the mine; the water in the lake is thereby significantly reduced and reveals the island of resurrection. 

In the phoenix leveldesign document "Der große See und die Insel" ("the big lake and the island") is mentioned as a location. It does not make sense for this to be the lake at the New Camp either. It wouldn't be mentioned in this kind of way. Thus, we can very safely assume it to refer to the lake below the tower. Other than that, the location is following immediately after the demontower in the document structure. 

That means that this design was approved and even considered for the story already. And there has to be a reason why it didn't make it into the game in the end. A very obvious one may be the technical difficulties of realising the idea. Letting the water level sink, letting the entrance of the mine be shown as actually being flooded; it was not possible to do without loading an entirely new surface level. 

