## Templar Armours

The armours of the templars have a distinctive, archaic look. 

The light as well as the medium templar armour were critisized for being useless for battle, offering no protection. In our armour system we will fix this as described below.

* As with every other Psionic, you give everything away and loose all your clothes except for the Psionic "underpants" in white. All your hair is removed and you receive tattoos depending on your rank. More tattoos and more decorative ones equals a higher rank. Following another concept by Ralf: Beards are allowed as the only body hair. Sandals are not given, but can be bought or rather: can be obtained in exchange for work. 

* If you join the templars, you are given black "underpants" which replace the white ones (from Ralfs early templar naked mesh concept). This concept was roughly realised in ~v0.7, from which we know screenshots from a templar that consists of nothing but the psi sandals, regular underpants and the x-straps from leather across the Sleeper Metal Ring (here the Sleeper was added). On Ralfs later templar concepts a Sleeper Mask cannot be seen on top of the round metal plate (not a ring here) on the chest, on top of the x-straps; here could be any other sign that is more fitting to the Psionics who, as we know, should have a different conception of the Sleeper, as seen on the idols that they made of him, which suggests that they do not and shouild not know how he really looks like; the very accurate Sleeper Mask on the templar armours destroys this concept, therefore it will be replaced. 

* In the next step the templar receives a dark mud-brown tunic with short arms and a belt; in this lightest variation there are six black leather straps in roman style that are hanging down the front of the belt. A variation of the tunic without arms exist according to a concept art. He can wear the tunic underneath the straps. Some of them are wearing a dark mud-brown skirt only. It is in this way, with tunic or skirt and straps that they will be seen practicing in front of the temple; outside of the camp a templar is never seen without additional protection. At the ingame armours between the black leather straps at the skirt you can see some much brighter, brown colour - this serves as an orientation for the colour of the tunic.

* As being fully initiated he receives the linen clothing with brotherhood signs on them and the black leather straps are now surrounding the entire lower tunic as known from the game - but it has to be represented better to make it clear.  
He receives specific templar tattoos that differ from those he would be given as as a disciple of a guru.  
As additional protection he is given the shoulder plates, shin plates, and forearm protection, but not from metal, but all from hardened leather (there may be some metal seams of bronze). In the heavier variations he is additionally wearing leather armour on top of the tunic at the upper body, has chest plates from leather and stronger forearm protection.

* It had to be understood that almost all the good armours within the Colony are coming from the time before the Barrier. How the templar armours were described on Ralfs concept arts additionally confirms this. In opposition to the other guilds they made their clothes and armours themselves, but because of that they almost have no metal at all. The armour at the shins, arms, breast and shoulders was all meant to be hardened leather, not from metal. Which confirms the assumption that they are not capable of doing much more.

* We will create these leather variations of the armour from Ralfs concepts and use them for most of the templars. A few armours with metal can remain, but will be reserved for the highest of the templars and are made by the smith in a long time frame and only for the best. Additionally, the metal parts of the templar armours always had a blueish, greenish tint. This colour could be explained as them being actually made from bronze and especially ithin the swamp climate it may disease rather fast. This is also providing us with an exceptionally nice possibility for armour variation in accordance with our wabi-sabi artstyle, in that every templar armour with bronze plates will be have a different colouration due to being at different degrees of bronze disease.   

